chore: RHIDP-1734 (RHDH 1.0.z) known-issue and workaround for gitlab token exposure risk (#138)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: release-notes/con-relnotes-known-issues.adoc

This section lists known issues with {product} {product-version}:

> Catalog-import function can leak GitLab access tokens on the frontend when base64-encoded GitLab token includes a newline at the end of the string link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-1734[[RHIDP-1734]]::

Reviewer: I assume we mean the RHDH frontend? Maybe specify.

Author: yeah the frontend plugin which is on the front end of RHDH, I assume. See suggested fix https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/pull/138#discussion_r1552092225

> Catalog-import function can leak GitLab access tokens on the frontend when base64-encoded GitLab token includes a newline at the end of the string link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-1734[[RHIDP-1734]]::

Author: ```suggestion
Catalog-import function can leak GitLab access tokens on the frontend of {product} when base64-encoded GitLab token includes a newline at the end of the string link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-1734[[RHIDP-1734]]::
```

+
--

> To mitigate this vulnerability until you can update to RHDH 1.1, ensure that the base64-encoded GitLab token does not contain a newline character at the end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate this vulnerability until you can update to {product} 1.1, ensure that the base64-encoded GitLab token does not contain a newline character at the end of the string. 
```

Reviewer: can also use {product-very-short} attribute for the approved RHDH acronym (as long as this is rendering from the attributes doc in the rhdh docs repo).

> *Workaround*: Removing the newline from the token prevents the unintended disclosure of the access token through the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Workaround*: Remove the newline from the token to prevent the unintended disclosure of the access token through the frontend.
```
